xes for it's a little bit bigger has a
5.2 inch screen it's also 1080p and it
looks really great the screen is bigger
but the phone itself is actually about
the same size but one thing that's
really interesting is that the buttons
both the power and the volume buttons
are on the back you can also long press
the volume down button to launch
straight into the camera or press up to
go straight into the quick memo the
quick memo is one of a huge list of
software features on this lg basically
took the same approach to Samsung and
just crammed all the software could
possibly think of into this phone so
quick memo lets you take a screenshot or
just doodle notes it's a really handy
way to just quickly get a note down on
the phone it's also one of a bunch of
apps that LG has that will actually pop
over whatever you're doing so you can
take a memo or see your calendar or use
a calculator over top of another app and
you can use a bunch of them you can
handle the transparency you can really
do a bunch of things at once on this
phone and it seems to work really well
it's running a Snapdragon 800 processor
which is insanely fast and has two gigs
of ram and all-in-all makes the g2 seem
like a pretty fast phone it is a 13
megapixel camera again just like the GS
forum and for the most part it's
basically just like the GS 4 it has tons
of modes there's a dual camera mode that
lets you shoot with the front and back
camera at the same time there is one
cool feature called VR panorama which
lets you take a 360 degree photo and
actually pan around it just by moving
your body or scrolling around on the
screen it's a little like Google Street
View and it's actually pretty fun it's
kind of hard to get the photo right but
it's cool there are a bunch of little
tweaks to the operating system one it's
called slide to access and basically
what it lets you do is store apps off to
the left side of your screen using three
fingers just swipe an app over and it
just lives there and it's sort of own
separate multitasking menu one of the
coolest weeks of the operating system is
how the g2 handles guest mode instead of
having a bunch of different totally
distinct profiles you just unlock the
phone with a different pattern for
yourself or for a guest and if you use
the guest pattern it just shows a few
apps and a few settings and whatever
you've enabled it's a really clever way
of handling being able to just give
somebody your phone and let them make a
phone call
so in all the g2 reminds me a lot of the
GS 4 it's a ton of software features
it's not particularly exciting hardware
though LG is doing a couple of
interesting things here with the buttons
on the back but really the move here is
software the quick memo stuff there's
the remote that you can use and even
offers the remote in the notification
pull down there's a ton of options a ton
of menus a
going on but ultimately a lot you can do
as well the g2 is coming to all four
carriers and it's gonna be a very
different phone depending on how you
want to set it up so obviously we've
only just gotten to know this phone but
it's clear that this is not trying to
compete with something like the iPhone
or the Moto X this is very much a
kitchen sink kind of phone like the
Samsung Galaxy S